ValidatingAdmissionPolicy: add docs for new per namespace policy params feature (#42219)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/validating-admission-policy.md

Reviewer: As this is graduating to beta, we'd prefer that someone runs through the page and checks it against the [style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/). Also try to follow conventions that other pages use.

For example, within the page body headings should be sentence case, and it should be either ValidatingAdmissionPolicy or “a validating admission policy”, not “Validating Admission Policy”.

The following is an example of a ValidatingAdmissionPolicy.

> {{% code language="yaml" file="validatingadmissionpolicy/basic-example-policy.yaml" %}}

Reviewer 2: pre-submit doesn't like something here:

```
3:26:20 PM: Error: Error building site: /opt/build/repo/content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/validating-admission-policy.md:64:1: failed to extract shortcode: template for shortcode code not found
```

@sftim Do you happen to know how to interpret this error message?

Reviewer: For now, use `codenew` - we are switching to a new name but the branch you have may not incorporate that change.

Reviewer: For faster feedback, [preview locally](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/new-content/open-a-pr/#preview-locally).

The following is an example of a ValidatingAdmissionPolicy.

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Could this use a [`codenew`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#source-code-files) shortcode?

with parameter configuration.

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Could this use a [`codenew`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#source-code-files) shortcode?

are created. The following is an example of a ValidatingAdmissionPolicyBinding.

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Could this use a [`codenew`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#source-code-files) shortcode?

  message: "params missing but required to bind to this policy"
```

> ##### Optional P=parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Optional parameters
```

Author: fixed this typo and adjusted the headings

kind: ReplicaLimit
metadata:
  name: "replica-limit-test.example.com"
  namesapce: "default"
maxReplicas: 3
```

This policy parameter resource limits deployments to a max of 3 replicas.

An admission policy may have multiple bindings. To bind all other environments

> environment to have a maxReplicas limit of 100, create another ValidatingAdmissionPolicyBinding:

Reviewer 3: nit: duplicate "environment"

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Could this use a [`codenew`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#source-code-files) shortcode?

maxReplicas: 100
```

> For each admission request, CEL expressions will be evaluated for each 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each admission request, the API server evaluates CEL expressions of each
```

(policy, binding, param) combination that match the request. For a request

> to be admitted it must pass ALL evaluations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be admitted it must pass **all** evaluations.
```

If multiple bindings match the request, the policy will be evaluated for each,
and they must all pass evaluation for the policy to be considered passed. 

If multiple parameters match a single binding, the policy rules will be evaluated
for each param, and they too must all pass for the binding to be considered passed.

Bindings can have overlapping match criteria. The policy is evaluated for each matching binding.
In the above example, the "nontest" policy binding could instead have been defined as a global policy:

```yaml

> apiVersion: admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1

Reviewer: Could this use a [`codenew`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#source-code-files) shortcode?

  message: "params missing but required to bind to this policy"
```

> ##### Optional Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Optional parameters
```

  evaluated, and optionalNumber will be checked to ensure that it contains a value between 5 and
  10 inclusive.

> ##### Per-Namespaced Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Per-namespaced parameters
```

Reviewer 3: It should be "Namespaced parameters" or "Per-namespace parameters".

> Authors of policy bindings may choose to specify cluster-wide, or per-namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the author of a ValidatingAdmissionPolicy and its ValidatingAdmissionPolicyBinding, you
can choose to use either  cluster-scoped or namespace-scoped
```

> parameters. Normally, parameters will be searched for only in the `namespace` provided
> in the binding's `paramRef`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameters. If you specify a `namespace` for the binding's `paramRef`, the control plane only
searches for parameters in that namespace.
```

> However, if `namesapce` is unset, the `namespace` for the request object can be

Reviewer 3: Consider that "unset" itself can be used as a verb, I'd suggest we say "is not set".

Author: changed all instances of unset to "not specified"

> However, if `namesapce` is unset, the `namespace` for the request object can be
> used to search params. This enables policy configuration that depends on the namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if `namespace` is unset in the ValidatingAdmissionPolicyBinding, the
API server can search for relevant parameters in the namespace that a request is against.
For example, if you make a request to modify a ConfigMap in the `default` namespace and
there is a relevant ValidatingAdmissionPolicyBinding with no `namespace` set, then the
API server looks for a parameter object in `default`.
This design enables policy configuration that depends on the namespace
```

of the resource being manipulated, for more fine-tuned control.

> ##### Parameter Selector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Parameter selector
```

In addition to specify a parameter in a binding by `name`, you may

> choose instead to specify a matching label, such that all resources of the

Reviewer: Is it just one label or can use use any non-field selector?

You can write `{{< glossary_tooltip text="selector" term_id="selector">}}` to link to the docs for selector.

policy's `paramKind`, and the param's `namespace` (if applicable) that match the
label selector are selected for evaluation.

If multiple parameters are found to meet the condition, the policy's rules are
evaluated for each parameter found and the results will be ANDed together.

If `namespace` is provided, only objects of the `paramKind` in the provided
namespace are eligible for selection. Otherwise, when `namespace` is empty and 
`paramKind` is namespace-scoped, the `namespace` used in the request being 
admitted will be used.

> #### Authorization Check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Authorization checks {#authorization-check}
```

Note that the `failurePolicy` is defined inside `ValidatingAdmissionPolicy`:

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Could this use a [`codenew`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#source-code-files) shortcode?

For example, given the following policy definition:

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Could this use a [`codenew`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#source-code-files) shortcode?

> For example, the following policy definition 

Reviewer: Could this use a [`codenew`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#source-code-files) shortcode?
